Terms Of Interaction:

Section 1, Terminology:
"The image" will from here refer to the image that is included with this terms of interaction.
"You", "Yourself" will from here refer to the person who has viewed the image.
"The original creator", "original creator" will from here refer to the person who originally drew the image.
"This contract", "the contract" will from here refer to this contract.

Section 2, Redistribution:
You must not ever willingly share the image with any other persons besides yourself and the original creator of the image.
You must not edit or recreate the image in any way with or without the intent to share it with another person.
You must not claim rights to the image unless specific right is given to you by the original creator of the image.
Any persons who unwillingly come into contact with the image will automatically abide by this contract as well.

Section 3, Inclusion of non-fictional persons:
The image, while having a possible resemblance, does not contain any persons who are either real or fictional.
Attempts to locate other persons who may be located within the image and alert others of this are strictly forbidden.
The original creator of the image may however alert others of possible fictional or real persons within the image without violating this contract.

Section 4, Trade of value:
The image may only be traded between two individuals if one is in possession of multiple images that contain the fictional character "Ninthraven" owned by Claudia Varnas.
For a proper trade, all images containing the character "Ninthraven" must be delivered to the original creator before the trade may commence.
If the image is given to the opposite party before they proceed with the delivery of images containing the character "Ninthraven", the delivery of such images must be achieved within 5 minutes.

Section 5, Violation of contract:
You must never under any circumstance violate this contract.
The violation of this contract may result in up to $100,000 USD in lawsuits directed towards either you or a lawyer representing you.
The original creator may at anytime violate any part of this contract.
The violation of this contract by the original creator does not void this contract and this contract will not become void upon the violation of it from any persons.

